I am gonzález zabalegui I am 23 years old and
study of computer lingerie in
deusto
I want to bathe you study degree in
computer engineering University of
deusto my name is jaime devesa I'm here
at the university of deusto ingeniera
computer when I finish the race
they proposed to me to work in the
security laboratory I put the master
of information security and well then
already the doctor to someone to
university we want to give you the castillejo
studied here at in the university of
deusto or computer engineering and root
of a little bit of the presentation of
final year project
Well, I started working here
name sir here Vázquez and I've been
student of the university when
you are coming then I started doing my
doctorate in computer science also pass to
be a professor in my report as
researcher to the institute of
technological research dgest hotels and
mount together with other partners the company
simple that is in our charge in the
nursery of technology-based companies
of the city
there is this kind of engineering
They are very difficult but nothing is impossible
with work accompaniment and desire to
study everything right since we entered
the university of success we always have
a tutor who follows us
ccoo we go with subjects of all
we take what do we go
Well, now you have to study more, not you
look at your day to day to see what it is for
perform well
this offers scholarships to people who are
still doing the race the techniques
so they can do their projects at the end of
career or just so that the
interested in research on this
you clones enough
in the university of deusto offers us
degrees of entrepreneurship as is the
kinito what used to be ingenuity
the little seed of the entrepreneur and then
You can move forward with your new ideas
or with your spirits that have given you in ekin
it to create your own company with the
more engineering technologies
informatics in deusto we have our
teachers who come from outside
companies and can always have a
vision much more
It is much more real than any other
resort that does not tell experiences the
world of work
the company that we have created is in the
bookseller technology-based members of
skillful stock very integrated by students
that they can even carry out
formative practices within those
technology-based companies where
are a bit on the crest of the wave of
technologies and also also this nursery
of companies that this fits is very much in
contact with research groups
of the faculty itself which makes
an ecosystem is created that is very beautiful
and very powerful that integrates both the
students as a
researchers like their own
people who work in companies
and I could select one of the areas
of the mascara
you could assign an application and then
automatically and at a certain time the
rumble would start to spin does not have it
information of the network options I would say
that a this computer that deals with
facilitate reality to others through
of new technologies and
grounding designing new
devices to improve the lives of
the rest
we try to give a little intelligence
to everyday objects that in principle do not
they have it in the coffee maker when it stays
without tweeting water that is running out
Water gives us information about the
consumption that you have made at the time of
make coffee when it's time to be in
I rest then a little the idea of ​​improving
a little sustainability in the
deusto university is innovation
you can see how the knowledge that
they will acquire during the race
they end up in a real application that is
opportunity consulting tools
music financing spaces councils
also and so run when carrying
out the current dream you're not going to
develop during your time student
through different phrases can leave
reality